#### 1) ADMT-22 action item 16: Update user manual with a link to the NVS Argo vocabulary 'reference tables', and add instructions for DACs and users on how to use the NVS collections.
- Shared a link to the NVS atom feed, accessible from http://vocab.nerc.ac.uk/ and designed to send latest NVS updates to subscribed users. @vpaba will follow-up with BODC Vocabulary Group and see how an existing tool may be tweaked to allow Argo users to be sent Argo-only NVS updates.
- GDAC file checker sends automatic updates every time there is a format change, however it is still unclear how Argo NVS edits will be implemented in the GDAC file checker. An initial proposal is:
  - Automatic implementation of concept addition to existing collections (e.g. a new sensor model added to R27)
  - Review of edits to existing concepts before implementation (as may cause legacy compatibility issues)

#### 2) ADMT-22 action item 45: Finalise the Argo vocabulary list of collections, and identify clearly what is managed at NVS/BODC, what is managed at OceanOps, and hwat tables may need a different solution.
Shared topics and outcomes of the two meetings BODC Argo NVS team held with OceanOps, where CONTROLLER_BOARD_TYPE, PI_NAME and DEPLOYMENT_PLATFORM / SHIPS were discussed.

#### 3) ADMT-22 action item 46: Clearly identify which sensors are accepted and which are pilot or experimental in R27 - SENSOR_MODEL.
Shared the review I carried out on the existing documentation detailing what is classified as experimental, what as pilot and what as approved.

We doubled-down on the fact that anything experimental is to be kept in the unregulated AUX directory on the GDAC, so that there is no impact on the DACs and the rest of the data system.

SPECIAL_FEATURES: this netCDF metadata file variable, currently unconstrained, is the only 'link' to the experimental data in the AUX directory that appears in the official Argo data files; Ifremer is looking to regulate not the content but the general syntax of this variable, so that the reading of this information can be somewhat automated by OceanOps. This is important any experimental data in the AUX directory needs to be clearly notified to the countries' EEZs.

#### 4) Recent develoopments: meeting on Argo metadata with Teledyne, held in January 2022
Shared content of discussion and outcome of a meeting between some AVTT members and Teledyne, held in January 2022. The meeting focused on the review of the TECHNICAL_PARAMETER_NAME Argo Excel table, and the outcome of the meeting was for Argo to share more specific requirements with Teledyne, so that Teledyne may provide their information in a more DAC-friendly way, and for Teledyne to advise Argo on what technical information to include in our files.

#### 5) Opaque vs 'semantic' concept IDs
Shared with the AVTT team that we were advised to change course, and start assigning opaque IDs to new Argo collections (i.e. use unintelligible codes instead of ones with meanings). Example given:

ID type | NVS collection | ID | Preferred label | Alternative label | Description
--- | --- | --- | --- |--- |---
Opaque ID | L22 | TOOL0739 | Sea-Bird SBE 63 dissolved oxygen sensor | Sea-Bird SBE 63 DO| (...)
'semantic' ID | R27 | SBE63_OPTODE | Sea-Bird Scientific SBE 63 oxygen optode | SBE63_OPTODE| (...)

#### 6) Argo Steering Team meeting next week (22-25 March 2022): presentation on the Argo NVS work
Shared ideas on how to structure the presentation, and asked for feedback to the AVTT team.
