#### 1) ADMT-22 action item 16: Update user manual with a link to the NVS Argo vocabulary 'reference tables', and add instructions for DACs and users on how to use the NVS collections.
- [ ] [vpaba](https://github.com/vpaba) to follow up with BODC Vocabulary Management Team on customised NVS feed notifications, then share with the AVTT community.
- [x] GDAC file checker: add note with points raised in https://github.com/euroargodev/ArgoNetCDF/issues/2

#### 2) ADMT-22 action item 45: Finalise the Argo vocabulary list of collections, and identify clearly what is managed at NVS/BODC, what is managed at OceanOps, and hwat tables may need a different solution.
No action

#### 3) ADMT-22 action item 46: Clearly identify which sensors are accepted and which are pilot or experimental in R27 - SENSOR_MODEL.
- [ ] [OceanOps](https://github.com/orgs/nvs-vocabs/teams/oceanops/members) to prepare to start monitoring the SPECIAL_FEATURES Argo netCDF variable in the metadata file.
- [ ] [tcarval](https://github.com/tcarval)  & collaborators to finalise the desired SPECIAL_FEATURES syntax/format, so that DACs may start adhering to it. Thierry captured this task in https://github.com/nvs-vocabs/ArgoVocabs/issues/32
- [ ] Mark & [tcarval](https://github.com/tcarval): to implement a SPECIAL_FEATURES syntax check and send a warning to DACs that fail to pass this check. See note in  https://github.com/euroargodev/ArgoNetCDF/issues/2
- [ ] [vpaba](https://github.com/vpaba) got the approval to create a new mini-collection to include the AST-approval stages of PILOT and APPROVED. These concepts will then be mapped to the appropriate sensor models, parameters etc., and can be updated once the approval stage changes for any one sensor/parameter. Captured this task in https://github.com/nvs-vocabs/ArgoVocabs/issues/33
#### 4) Recent develoopments: meeting on Argo metadata with Teledyne, held in January 2022
- [ ] [vpaba](https://github.com/vpaba) to set up a new meeting with Teledyne, ideally in late April.
#### 5) Opaque vs 'semantic' concept IDs
[AVTT team](https://github.com/orgs/nvs-vocabs/teams/avtt/members) approve of using opaque IDs in all new Argo collections going forward.
#### 6) Argo Steering Team meeting next week (22-25 March 2022): presentation on the Argo NVS work
It was suggested to highlight how the NVS work we've been doing benefits the Argo program and enhances the utility and usability of the Argo data.

#### Next meeting 
To take place in summer 2022.
