**Participants**

BODC: Violetta Paba, Jordan Atherton, Danielle Wright 

Euro-Argo: Romain Cancouet

BSH: Birgit Klein

IMEV-MER: Catherine Schmechtig

**Agenda & notes**

***Vocab Editor demo***

Done live.

***Mappings***

FLOAT_TYPE (R23) as in spreadsheets, or CONTROLLER_BOARD_TYPE (R28) to account for APEX and NAVIS differences between controller board types? Or both?
How to handle Iridium/Argos distinction?

maybe creating NVS schemas could deliver what the community gets from the spreadsheet that the collections and mappings are not providing? Idea with Jordan and Dani to see if we could show a demo at ADMT if it works, for cases where the list of tech and config parameter names depend on up to three ‘variables’, e.g. platform type, controller board and telecom type.

Another idea could be to understand if/how more information could be displayed on VocPrez that we currently only keep in our Oracle table and don’t get exposed (beyond the codval,codnam,codalt, description)

Argo team would like to maintain the spreadsheet for the time being, alongside the NVS collections. Need to be careful to maintain consistency between the two.

Action: liaise with Thierry and Mark to see how we can derive best value out of the NVS collections from a GDAC perspective, and see how we can implement this.

How to retain Mandatory/Optional information?

As this information is currently retained in the Alt Label, it could be moved to the Description (if pref label is made to be = alt label). Or we might need to find a better way to store this, maybe in the schema? Also, Thierry is the one that has been setting O/M labels on each parameter name

***Make pref label = Alt label***

As proposed at latest AVTT meeting?

As the community at the last AVTT meeting mentioned the preference of having pref label = alt label, we could do a blank update to action this. Need to be careful as some  netCDF variables get populated by pref label, whereas others by alt label.

*** Template strings ***

New collections for the template strings?

No decision on this

***_UNIT***

Turn field into a template?

No decision on this

***Teledyne liaison***

Use tag ID (CODVAL?) instead of names in float messages? Pros: save on telemetry costs; Cons: would need to abandon template tags; Cons: issue for INTEGER template

Argo ppl don’t consider this to be an issue. Also, newer floats only report changes to the values. Jordan (after the meeting), said that in Gliders, the config is already set before deployment so it’s already known what is expected

Identify and mark tags with diagnostic value? ‘DIAGNOSTICbit’ category for older Argos/APF9 floats; introduce for newer floats? Pros: enable tracking to identify issues quickly

Alongside those, the UNDER ICE parameters could be interesting to users (e.g. Birgit was recently)

Teledyne Python script to parse config params and output them using Argo tags - Copy not yet received
JSON template to be populated by manufacturers? Templates could be dynamically generated by using NVS lists and mappings. Or, Teledyne’s Python script could output in JSON following a standard template.

***Other***

Romain will be managing the NVS side of the tech list – Gwen has already given him permissions as Editor

The IDs in the original spreadsheets were just used for housekeeping, so now that there are CODVALs we can stop using them. The decimal was used for parameter names that belong to the same tech behavioural group.

The Argo Editors would like to keep maintaining the Excel spreadsheet, so they can easily manipulate the information – something that is not possible on the NVS (e.g. say who asked the new addition, types of parameters etc).

It would be useful to know how many tech and config params are being used by active floats.

Romain is unsure what the ‘pending’ parameter names mean (maybe Megan might?)

Biggest focus now should be the file checker upgrade.

Romain mentioned that the latest APEX floats have been sending time-series for the tech parameters that DACs haven’t been able to store fully in the netcdf file (would require format change).

Argo Editors are happy with the spreadsheet, and are happy with us coming up with ideas/solutions to make the best use of these lists on the NVS

Currently, the Excel is updated by either of the Editors and passed on to Thierry who them pushes onto the argo website.
